Showtime the capital G shows start right
now what's up YouTube capital G here all
right so guys I'm gonna try out a new
segment on my channel and basically in
this series I'm gonna pick a deck that
most people wouldn't gives it a
competitive you know like a casual
decker a fun deck and we're gonna try
and make a good competitive build of the
deck and this is going to be based on
the knowledge and ideas that you and I
both have for the deck you know and
what's cool about this is because I'm
obviously not an expert on all these
debts you guys basically bring more to
the table than I do because some of you
have probably tested these decks and art
types thoroughly so we're going to start
with one of my favorite casual decks of
all time crystal beads and I guess we
should start with what I know that
crystal beads do well well crystal
abundance is still in my opinion really
really good I just think
abundance is one of those cards that's
just going to be good until like the end
of time I mean yeah it does take some
setup but I mean you get to wipe the
board you get for crystal beasts usually
it's an otk especially with cowboy being
introduced into the game and it's just
it's really good I mean especially
considering that there's very little
counters you have like solemn warning
and that's pretty much it amine evac and
bottomless and book of moon none of
those cards do anything and since it's
Pacific Lee says sins that means that it
also ships on cards like Stardust Dragon
and Drago sack I mean basically
everything like that was my biggest
concern was like how can we get rid of a
field of dragons and it's like oh yeah
it's in so none of your dragons are
protected I know that rainbow ruins is
still one of the best field spells in a
game I mean it's resistant to
destruction and once you get three cards
in your back row I mean gets real
you can start you know negating spells
and traps the Battle Damage gets cut in
half you go even higher and you can
start drawing cards I mean rainbow ruin
seems to be one of the biggest reasons
to run this second I know that Pegasus
and carbuncle are basically like the
power monsters obviously Pegasus is like
your go to turn one summon I mean it's
the basically the solid opening play the
deck it has pretty good stats at load
you up quick
the car buckle I mean he's basically
what bus the floodgates up and like this
is the guy that basically facilitates
euro tk's when you don't have like you
know crystal abundance or something like
that if you can special summon car
buckle then basically you just you know
flood the field with a whole bunch of
little beaters unfortunately just like
every deck and yugioh crystal beast do
stuff for some serious flaws i know that
pretty much with the exception of
everything except crystal beast sapphire
Pegasus the stats of these guys aren't
very impressive I know that the decks
mechanic also lots out back row so you
can't really efficiently run more than a
few viable traps in this deck which
means that you're probably going to need
to run hand traps as a mean of
protection in most cases I know that the
decks boss monster well both of them I
guess if you want to count crystal dark
rainbow dragon whatever the hell that
thing is called they were both utter
failures I mean they neither one of the
cards really helped the deck they're not
really what I'll consider consistent on
any level I really don't understand why
they were even made to be completely
honest okay so now that we've got the
good and bad out of the way I guess we
can focus on ways to improve the crystal
beast deck obviously the deck works best
when you hit abundance early you know it
is basically like your wind condition I
really feel like since that card is
really hard to stop it should be kind of
like the knockout punch that you're
going for I know the deck works best
when you hit rainbow ruins early and
that card is definitely rolling because
that's like draw power and protection
and negation all kind of rolled up in
the one now Crystal Beach does obviously
need a little bit of setup time because
you know carbs like abundance take for
crystal beasts and then rainbow ruins
doesn't really get rolling until you
have three cards and the back row but I
feel like on this deck is just kind of
begging for reckless and upstarts so
that we can reduce that set-up time you
know when you combine that with cards
like rare value then I feel like you can
actually give the deck consistent speed
the one question I do have about upstart
is I'm not sure how much it would clash
with crystal abundance because I'm kind
of looking for that card to be an otk
card especially with again cowboy and I
don't know if that 1,000 with a conflict
with that as far as defense goes I know
it's always kind of been an issue with
crystal beasts I
feel like swift scarecrow should
probably be the main defense you know
you don't really need to invest cards to
play defense on the field because
abundance is going to wipe the board
clean anyway and since rainbow ruins
already cut battle damage in half I'm
not really too concerned about getting
OT care whatever I mean your opponent
can put as much as they want on the
board Drago sax and start us and all
that stuff once you hit abundance I mean
they're really not gonna have anything
that they can do about it I feel like
Maxie should definitely be played at
three because you know the deck
obviously can't run conventional traps
so you know when you combine Maxie the
draw power with a card like reckless
read you give yourself a much better
chance of drawing cards like swift
scarecrow you know I like your defense
cards in case your opponent is trying to
go for game and then who knows you draw
into like your crystal abundance at the
same time and you could probably just
turn around and game them so I just kind
of wanted to start a discussion see what
you guys is input is and then maybe I'll
uh I'll take all that information I'll
try and build the most competitive
version of like a core crystal beast
deck that I can and then I'll test it a
bit also I also felt like it's worth
noting that i dunno of the ninja crystal
beasts version it's kind of like chaos
ninja crystal beads with like dark
simorgh and stuff like that I'm not sure
how much better or worse it is than the
conventional version that you guys can
tell me about that too so thank you guys
for watching as always and hopefully
we'll be able to build a pretty decent
version of this thanks for watching
subscribing makes life happy